ideal that he doesn't comply, we'll see, but
as for the list, Johanna,
I think I'm wrong, this has been
a bit of a surprise lately, but
I think at some point that's going to be
revoked. I don't know if it's a long time, in a short time,
in a year, in two, or maybe six months. Of
course, they've removed
a lot of content all at once, with how
complicated it is to fill so many
hours of content, it's because they've removed the ones with the
most content, but for now,
look, look, the three that I've already
named have been through agreements with the
network and they come out completely
Ortega-can and they were telling him
everything and such, well, a lawyer filed a
lawsuit, like Raquel Mosquera, like Jorge
Pérez, no, then they said, well,
perfect, drop the lawsuit, and what
we do is that, well, in the
case of Ortega Cano, we'll give you a,
let yourself be loved and we won't speak
ill of you again. That's it, in the case of
Jorge Pérez, withdraw the lawsuit and
come here for an interview and do a
no, ...  I think so
to compensate it obviously Yes because
when the lawsuits are dropped they always
compensate you financially so
well if it goes and gives you this content and
imagine and Gloria appears and
José Fernando appeared who they also say is
coming out soon well that would also be a
very nice image wouldn't it be
great it would be when you drop the
lawsuits it is because you have to
compensate the people you know
and many times what you ask them is to
say Come and make a program but the
case of Rocío is because Rocío has
done it in a way that they have scorched the
earth you can't plant
anything there again and that is why it is a debacle
people have complained just as
the programs have returned they will have reviewed
the docuseries they will have reviewed the debates
to many people they will have sent letters they have
read them and they have said this issue is
burned out it cannot be repeated so that was what
I told you the other time that issue will
not be taken up again it is already scorched earth
and there will not be room for Antonio David or
for anyone maybe in three years
imagine that Rocío Flores said Hey
I want to do an interview and I want such
Well, I would do an interview but
nothing more because Antonio David has been
talking for years and years. No, of course, for
example,
listen to what I'm saying, I'm going to tell you
what happened with my mother, my version of events, and I'm going to
talk about my mother, about how I called my
mother that Fidel was like that, they would take that,
right? I mean, how are they going to
reject it? No, I don't think so, but they would
take it,
sweetie, but of course they would take it. One thing, well,
without insults, without challenging. Looking at
the camera, without such an interview from a
human point of view, you understand, a
well-done interview is done, that's it, but not
with, then with a whole series of sycophants
applauding you behind you and insulting you. Well, let
the girl believe us. No, she won't be
having dinner with these things today, it's going to be done in another
way. These people know about television, and
for example, well, Rocío Carrasco
appeared on Spanish television last week, I do
n't know if you saw it, and she spoke, they
spoke again about the project they
have in hand, which is not yet known,
this list now. Of course, at that time,
the list was not announced, this list
now. In what position does that leave that
project,
this project is for a platform.
paid streaming you know is to go
because those types of platforms well
I can say the names Netflix hbo
Disney and such Well well they
work for them and they are doing things
no it was not for Telecinco it was for that to
know also we need to see if that works
Because for example they made one that was
very good which was the one about Monzón and Monzón
was an Argentine boxer
close friend of Alendelón who won I don't know
how long he was with women more of
this and in the end he killed his wife went
to jail and well the series It was
then in the case of Pedro they will have to
present it they will have to study it and he should I
think that signed he has nothing
you know
also it's that Pedro It's true that he has
been very great and a great athlete but of
course Pedro now people don't
know him either you understand Because here
we are ungrateful with the memory with
our athletes with our
celebrities now after the last
two series you say Pedro Carrasco and the
story of the juries comes to mind the
story of Rosita the
story of the
father with the woman that yes Raquel
Mosquera then Of course She of course
she surely without realizing it
has also dirtied a little
between  quotes the image because telling that
when she told the father I
'm pregnant he slapped her twice
Well imagine that as it looks today no Of
course it's that imagine
exactly or the mother no about the
father that
in the first part yes of course So
now let's see people what is
fresh is It's everything from the docuseries
everyone Of course the same as the judges
No if now she has lawsuits
but a little let's see it's like the mother The
mother who is also a little like an idiot
because who thinks the mother because
Antonio David told her to go down
the mother backed down and went down as she left
She we have only talked a lot here
a personality that was not hers
a fool who did not know anything if they
robbed her but and she carried it alone okay
perfect and María Carey too and she will
have a whole department of
representatives of course It is that this also
influences So it was for a
streaming platform really yes yes yes yes Well now
we are on TV and then for
example people like Gloria Camila who
is also on the list Johana
if she is on the list she cannot work there let's
see I think what cannot be
done about This  It will be because she couldn't go
because to fight with Ana María the gift of
talking about Rocío Carrasco but if someone
wanted to take her as a panelist on
something then
following you to that then they could
take her of course
yes I think that yes
what was talked about these days
almost all the colleagues was that not
even taking images that came out
behind, for example all those who
were on the list
on the list Gloria Camila appears well it's
not that she can't work or can't be
mentioned or can't be talked about
but for example an old video of
Sálvame that Jorge Javier appears
presenting and they attract the screen of
Gloria Camila that can't be put up Yes
I heard it too but well I
think that Gloria is true well that she has
also had some little thing and maybe well it
's a profile that they
want to put on ice for a
certain time well It's true that
Gloria herself said I'm retiring I'm going to
do other things I'm touched it's to
be touched too because of course having to
hear on television that your mother
when she adopted you already had the quota
of children Well of course it's quite hurtful
no Then  She has retired, she is really
boosting this good thing about
getting into a good
celebrity agency, doing the whole
influencer thing, I think she is interested, it is
true that she likes TV, but for
example, I will tell you, she had to have
gone to the Telecinco program this weekend,
but when she found out that they were going to
María el Don, she said no and she did not return
from the list, the ethical code and all that
stuff because now they were starting
to give it to Candela, Gloria Camila, and Gema,
of course,
now that Gloria Camila was starting
to get involved, now suddenly the
list is
not, but they will give it to her, they will give it to her. Likewise, of
course,
yes, just by throwing it out, you are interested
and you have used us to be here, what
Gloria Camila always accuses her of, to be
here. That's good, I also
see that as nonsense because Gloria
is also there because she is the daughter of famous people, I
mean, she does not have a profession that makes her
stand out, no, we are not going to interview her
because there is something of her own.
Well, she is the daughter of Ortega Cano and
Rocío Jurado, but there they will have, let's
have a fuss. Of course,
the rest of the media. Yes  They keep talking about
these characters, I mean, I think that in the
end Johana will be on Telecinco at some point.
Maybe this is so that things
calm down for a while, not the topic, but
at some point, let's see if suddenly some
very important news about the family comes out.
But Rocío Rosito is the daughter of Rocío
Jurado. I mean, if suddenly some
important news comes out about her, imagine if she
separates from Fidel, they're not going to
give it. What will happen is that Rocío has separated, but you see, for example, the heart that they can do on Antena 3, what can they do on Channel 1?
Well, they don't touch characters from
Telecinco, no, I won't start. Look, for
example on Hola, they also touch Rocío
very little now, why because she is already a
character who is loyal to a channel.
So I